#9088 cleanup terminology (#2779)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Getting-Started/Setup/Server-Setup/Load-Balancing/index.md

Additionally the order in which cache instructions are written to the cache instructions table is very important for LB, this order is guaranteed by having a single admin server.

__Question>__ _Can my Primary admin server also serve front-end requests?_

Yes. There are no problems with having your primary admin server also serve front-end request.

However, if you wish to have different security policies for your front-end servers and your back
office servers, you may choose to not do this.

__Question>__ _Whatever happened to Master?_

> Master, along with its less favorable sibling, is being removed from tech language. It's called Primary now. Move along.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Master, along with its less favorable sibling, is being removed from tech language. The terms did not accurately describe the relationship between Umbraco instances in a Load Balancing scenario. We prefer to use Primary and Replica now. 
```
